content/modern_python.md, before:

## Modern Python for Gen-AI
- **Modern Python**
    - **asyncio**: asynchronous I/O (`async`, `async.run()`, `await`)
        - `async`: define an async function
        - `asyncio.run()`: run an async function
        - `await`: wait for an async function to complete w/o blocking the main thread; 
            - `await` only used inside an `async def` function
        ```python
        import asyncio
        async def main():
            await asyncio.sleep(1)
            print("Hello, async world!")
        asyncio.run(main())
        # Hello, async world!
        ```
        - `asyncio.gather()`: run multiple async functions in parallel
    - **Docstrings**: documentation strings for Python functions and classes ("""...""")
    - **OOP** concepts used often (inheritance, metaclasses, decorators (e.g. `@dataclass, @property, @tool`)), etc.
    - `pydantic`: data validation, parsing, and serialization management using Python type annotations
        - type enforcement, auto conversion, and serialization(`.dict(), .json()`)
- **Containers**: Docker (build, run, push; Dockerfile)
- **Package managers**:
    - [Python uv](https://www.datacamp.com/tutorial/python-uv): new, ultra-fast Python package manager; recommended for GenAI
        `$ brew install uv`
        `$ uv init explore-uv`
        `$ uv add llama-index`
- **Vibe Coding / Chat-Oriented Programming (CHOP)**
    - [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en/features)
    - Microsoft Copilot 
- **UI**
    - [Gradio](https://gradio.app/)
    - [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/)
        - [streamlit-magic](https://docs.streamlit.io/library/api-reference/write-magic/magic)
        - [LLM chat app](https://docs.streamlit.io/develop/tutorials/chat-and-llm-apps/build-conversational-apps)
        - [streamlit-gpt4](https://blog.streamlit.io/take-your-streamlit-apps-to-the-next-level-with-gpt-4/)
- [Python 3 Cheatsheet](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cheat_sheet_py3.html)

Commit message:

Update project structure: reorganize framework examples, remove old utils and update documentation - Reorganize OpenAI agent examples - Remove deprecated utils (memory.py, prompts.py, tools.py) - Update documentation and content files - Remove old image assets - Update framework examples README

content/modern_python.md, after:

## Modern Python for Gen-AI
### Modern Python
- **asyncio**: asynchronous I/O (`async`, `async.run()`, `await`)
    - `async`: define an async function
    - `asyncio.run()`: run an async function
    - `await`: wait for an async function to complete w/o blocking the main thread; 
        - `await` only used inside an `async def` function
    ```python
    import asyncio
    async def main():
        await asyncio.sleep(1)
        print("Hello, async world!")
    asyncio.run(main())
    # Hello, async world!
    ```
    - `asyncio.gather()`: run multiple async functions in parallel
- **Docstrings**: documentation strings for Python functions and classes ("""...""")
- **OOP** concepts used often (inheritance, metaclasses, decorators (e.g. `@dataclass, @property, @tool`)), etc.
- `pydantic`: data validation, parsing, and serialization management using Python type annotations
    - type enforcement, auto conversion, and serialization(`.dict(), .json()`)
- **Containers**: Docker (build, run, push; Dockerfile)
- **Package managers**:
    - [Python uv](https://www.datacamp.com/tutorial/python-uv): new, ultra-fast Python package manager; recommended for GenAI
        `$ brew install uv`
        `$ uv init explore-uv`
        `$ uv add llama-index`
- **Vibe Coding / Chat-Oriented Programming (CHOP)**
    - [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en/features)
    - Microsoft Copilot 
- **UI**
    - [Gradio](https://gradio.app/)
    - [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/)
        - [streamlit-magic](https://docs.streamlit.io/library/api-reference/write-magic/magic)
        - [LLM chat app](https://docs.streamlit.io/develop/tutorials/chat-and-llm-apps/build-conversational-apps)
        - [streamlit-gpt4](https://blog.streamlit.io/take-your-streamlit-apps-to-the-next-level-with-gpt-4/)
- [Python 3 Cheatsheet](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cheat_sheet_py3.html)

### Model Context Protocol (MCP) 

- MCP (Model Context Protocol) is a **standardized protocol** (by Anthropic) to simplify how AI systems (like Claude or LLM agents) **connect** to external tools and databases (local or remote). 
- Think of it as a USB-C for AI systems.
    - Solves the **NxM problem** (N tools and M models talk through a single interface)
    - a **model-agnostic**, **tool-agnostic**, and **open** protocol 
- Follows a **host → client → server** architecture
- For more details visit [Protocols for AI Systems](protocols-AI.md)
